Add definition for web service (#38297)
mdn/content: files/en-us/learn_web_development/getting_started/environment_setup/browsing_the_web/index.md

  - : A collection of web pages grouped together into a single resource, with links connecting them together. Often called a "site".
- **Web server**
  - : A computer that hosts a website on the Internet.
- **Web service**

>   - : A software that responds to requests over the Internet to carry out some business task. A web service is backed by a web server, and typically (though not always) provides some web pages for the user to interact with. Many websites are also web services, though some websites (such as MDN) comprise of static content only and are not web services.

Reviewer: What do you think about this?

```suggestion
  - : A software that responds to requests over the Internet to perform a specific function or provide certain data. A web service is typically backed by a web server, and may expose an API, web pages, or both. Many websites are also web services, though some websites (such as MDN) comprise of static content only. Examples of web services include an image resizing service, a weather report API, and an authentication gateway.
```

Author: I don't think we've introduced "API" at this point and we are being extremely basic, so I don't want to  introduce yet another term.

Reviewer: OK good, the only wording I'd split hairs on is "business task", which I read as meaning strictly 'commercial'. I've edited the suggestion to be a bit more approachable, if you like it.
